
An Order Management System for Office supplies.  Basically an office Admin  can raise a request for new items to be purchased. Once the its placed, Manager can approve and process the request ( offline ) and mark it as complete.
Order:
An individual order can contain multiple Items and each items has its own qty.  and each order has an expiry.
There can be multiple open orders.
Order Constraints:
No two submitted  orders can have same items in the list. Thay can be when saved in draft but when submitted to Purchaser, no two orders can contain same items.
 
User and User Roles:
Atleast 2 user types:
Creater: Creates the Order. Can edit the order  if it is not submitted but only saved as a draft. Only user who created  and saved the order can edit it . Once submitted to purchaser  , it can’t be edited.
Purchaser : can operate on existing order 
Send it to complete after executing an office txn  and adding that txn reference to the request details.
Reject the txn with a note.
Feel free to add user type that can make the process better (Optional).
User Should be able to login to Portal based on the role, should be able to proceed  required operation
Not in Scope:  processing and execution of transaction by Purchaser. No Payment module or other aspects are needed.
Expectation:
BE should be in Java and FE in React or in  Next  js  
DB : can use file based DB for simplicity or postgres running locally
Service should be running on port other than 8080 / 5173.
Should show list of requests raised as per status and user role.
Table View of Request for each user as per there role.
On clicking each request 
should show the list details, status 
the list of items in the request.
Creator should be able to edit request
User should be able to login
Should be able to see relevant requests.
See personal details (Optional)
Change password Request page
Security – CORS and other Security aspects ( Optional)
Purchaser should be able to send the request back and creator should be able to amend and submit back ( Optional)
Please feel free to ask any questions for clarifications.